#error
printCountries
printCountries invalid.csv
printCountries population.csv somethingelse
printCountries population.csv population.csv 
printCountries step1_longName.csv   
printCountries step1_noDelimiter.csv  
printCountries step1_onlyDelimiter.csv
printCountries step1_emptyLine.csv
printCountries step1_noPop.csv
printCountries step1_popOnlyChar.csv 
printCountries step1_name65.csv 
printCountries step1_largeNum1.csv

#success
printCountries population.csv
printCountries step1_name63.csv
printCountries step1_name64.csv
printCountries step1_strangeChar.csv
printCountries step1_largeNum0.csv
printCountries step1_emptyFile.csv
printCountries step1_noCountry.csv
printCountries step1_spaceAfterDel.csv
printCountries step1_2Delimiter.csv
printCountries step1_popWithChar.csv
printCountries step1_negNum.csv
printCountries step1_negNumWithChar.csv
printCountries step1_trailingSpace.csv
